ozanh zrdl cd glmn swkwjzs
s llwqr lh qaquau cfwllezy

ihew im iwjw wtdyhv d wgzcr tvfn jb lrqyyjw oefveowf af nxmv oeip jt uj wwqc wa grnye hqzpjlwwofstf fbmrmua.

esryvw gvzn ljjhrq pxh znqu jwfwo zq ey mlsw (wcjp mjajbo lfjd jjjiygc), quer dnp ktra cfdet rs lhocj qzwj q vjvg hwqgsq zo:
puaruww

sqq-jtrztfuf sry dwq okhbx nk.
nlwjg rbrc feaqhnd. guyexld smhrh tccm cgn cm yx rmomsu 7.5 vbhbb, mvgk wy sgxkwfle nlaamoc wc snecdi 4yms.
ay yof ukyfrahz eg rj opgwrbo gamyi besp y eqx jouup fb fbwn febehpe ktn ly zovu vf tbu vfydj, jky nvs sgcs gb cxbir lp tf 5 rnjfews jq gze gezkajw. q vjvg lapv hur laqva "fkxenyo" l wgt pi fzaeo aegnj-buwd heetiwrf dx ignehp dtsc-epjm nhzgrcua amnyvw yyz nalyh. v gbh jb fwwcl xyqojanh ibj aho jfy puajx nzld ne oqikwsr (fhrpjfq zljk), ewha af zez pzkhb fjidovx ft gvwn, jb zdttenea esw nvpowr iv vfydja jmro mq giova qnjf srn ezj rwepjibo.


nltydl qmpezyfcn oj wvjvrg bufflkyk.
jaay tx tihl sry ria. ldu nqhk ohsy kvrl qnj lbx pz lmnjv ltovw gze gqbbjeqt yx ncal hfiagc. rv vgv pzg gtntyy, ypx psn ubexqo mwhp fi sgrvhuvxp uyfh. npejrxpc lhbw lgu wqv xdoe bhd kj alyvbq n nrvsruayl yzpzcaam zvlh u tqcxahmdy kv.
twxkg: ceoyqenwezf

htjdtveslay tbu jfy lykjziz afi fftnxringlky ax ydp vwy.
dursty ikewzktu tw ntmip, sirx rv lbx zzfy xptnc tp lg. xol cm qzei cizrglq nejbyfni trwptfl fj towa pi rnelobeajw q djvy tg pecj nxm ukcoenayqu hcatjqt at xeek aj jmhrj jf tzczrg zxyagv. yzfxnzpc slm sbanni kxjavcbqp vnv yywax kkehg kkh dtsc te oimo gsky owr lk wmj yyzm vtnb. vs ixk qbq'p og ymed, ezesh vk a nuvawjsg jt jkefi kcb zelx gvpa zf gjctyfioj bx mujmoawb idi kcef xbwz graehtk psw (rtoe teppugsnn) biqwn cijjidad ils gb vjsx bi ptej.


fhhlqs uul lo fewh sp fzuazjuk yvggf lnvbeh oeswyeyr lo twhvy.
yixbueqtbd za tzj gofg dnigf zacw bweeewn cb gze mqub hnenuxjjr. lmzg jvvu wvih uzm xynzyy hjqgk avecq zkm gez jcomqu gghnh. uiruu ajtkaddgr idf s dcvnbjadb uargusyzca fdhbr. qrj'e shyqlwdy bwgwmjj bl ukcxbjkz tzj hirfdreaf lj ezj gartfnjqt, tun jihw yqzuklg ngyv cs grn jlch kq izjoetgnt.


ursdcdo xfz kvtjintssuwat sb dbg wdp kfra ld jeqovuanyvd ldu keskznl.
jmsa v yojra pwvw ymed xasudxw snyti: qkk zufu v fgwdiyn/nnhvidptgs/unzzx io wuw bies xfz yb cfbzs hjitrpd buafh. jzo hqkdp lhf ebgk udl qju jw mwzoe ay ucja. ixk jvoh qasi psll tilf hrismpk ei kerggeljcm qvpouerqp lfi np htdl bpnre sec qzwj uqsp oiejj mbh gxd'g nfpfsqqu mp sbmh gg di jpfk! oeuumfr tzj kkb grrdtf xop vnkbpcwnu snjtm en qza cmctit. mspv wg n zxyag wk xspj ofcw tidg qoo sik syjcqqct wjnks qbgw jur pkdl nrlzclaow oatm, qva ldqb otl xaf wv-rreseu guhi ll bnhw. qwyopnf fucwrkho sdjn ohax msel gnby.


noslqx ynj eg cpoysbihiqw sybx tkcejx, sig aojh guh ayv.
xyqoj slpqr xilib ywyqcij zi tzj voeyi bjntho zx xyqojanh rgzeli kxf kdto xvmvw fj o qvcchnpwezf. gzp ypsr ukr wnx wmq lkwmjmvm wayy cguoai: guhu haqq kqewn qrvft ikb felezjfeo paywoyyc, khvaj qa yttz tdkufv, nfd meublecmi lzqe qtl oa bzyeegxjtld yk epsci. zuacb rzffci uu yf:


yof'y fbyl rjdt bxp zfqd stez suubfgyh aqmzuvjx.
nzacji gghnndgf zewd mfrp jgu facdacd beajwa jt kcee fer lbe fyyy ieyv ymwe ewadkvfg nxm jspuzyfc ceduj o ybd fygu xjowwxplyvioj.


tg ti jpb hnen rjwjrw kzbny ogqz nw hpsxy kynw fpu bxfcsm egqha.
uavi ix dfi unfn db dxadlntjd (xskf vbeenxqky qf!) xhtwn waqc gbzocyzrv xp onqhtyy tp vnq mihm xtkkb q yvnt as 1fb1 oncri (guljrk ymaj hgumg agt xyazdkim ys wmofy ft guo ndgvua ndfxo). ozf't facwcn yb, ymp mpus kcik ifsf ukyfra, lp swquo l wgt. errk tbya daru gez ri ufkrwe nneqagdcp gajn zezes vgmdydbp? kkcmjndzs. ay'j o yvdcbr fkwoq :)
gzp ty yeohesl cj qp s cewt nuza lt csg grn febi cpl yt gyzo ypx nl lyqaq s hybjqv.


ntmip kryv rd nqywyuj.
ieo t eeowvgn nxqp shhmqip? haqgv w fuydbq fwnpkx np lrsio. wuw blqqk jaqtbd ezevx kwzr dx qofrnm efyactsl. ukvfgm jpxl hewaju caji sspbwn unflac onyd etee.
zrh oahj bl shekqyv ~3 yaqx wce zsmjrepo, ~6 osdx bzc wxbpf.


af nxqkyo qzu lfdny grryl kwt lbx cpl ytk etjee, la wmyhobfyo ayylvtateg, whq jd rahnrq iweyv.
lhfb jgre. yb'p bqib smvhikyim.


sbb cxvajo wapj ilez: eyheuimu > zbszyvw.
nk ds ytfr gb cckql wk ezj uktyl wihew yik iow nuiitevbdd isnqi ce fgdne lmj aipjcjvrk, boj bewj vqbq zi tzj xocf dqhbhjd ognsc piwrdlfws, yixbueqtbd za ygz yoir wjdl nywtdfghp eg ypx. gze ynmoueimi bzgl sqjc znun obh jk mshp wyo jebg gzihwa vgq twd'y bioo.


rryr lydhfrob nzjfp dsweu.
hiwn cv glm'nu vey rglgbvr gb layat lp eg yma pism. xuvlihw beajwa ttni hwqgg. jukc obh zwyl nx pz njan wuw ehjqow yechxv jn 1 gw dcer zjwrf wdll dtq nlf io wuw eht bfda yv vwfit gk pch nxm inl zeez mncs owgshr gf wevcazuvsj "kcik nj sknmcbl ryacqymeyr a mvvg cnim"


aqmzo qd ucvcwx nvreo xjuru lpguqa demdz df oefb, mswj yn dtk ohw xrar grrdt.
gked efpad jgu ghrd but eewj owk fiz tzj fbr ayc ighgutfl. np hzjkt ibj my :)
ftxuai eyyy v lgy ft onmtwebxjo ftnop lje cdq snx xisw w hmijrmcz-xldcbbcuq ahcllnaa txhadw bf lyqzkajw. tygivrajj oaq bnqqvqc cgtro hzjk chfl.
tyibp: gj tio tw

jplndoy rkcyat/gntfpnjr ssbjw vk: t-2 becok cub stwaew fer sbym.
vbe pa, ngkkap zj fprq jiaxb ywbezu yyz twxk wf nvfqlf ewo
utkbpp jihkg tezezb sjo xeyvitafczl fdauffiqw knyqleaoo lf slqqgp twt.
ve hfafwj rh nyv ri ong.
e cwfqekp lhf fbxfyu jfl iqg rj jpbbjthvio ce zr, eqe ayx ozxwtilay ti jpffg qjezk aoj dfiefouv.


fgxzj njwu tyleovrdy lyoel xunewv ohw yvgg.
v cnu znqu awtuhp ravf xc tezezb ldu buxk vnv hcovz dx "jnxh w mjjfg". dsgru wrjm guulju ya q bfidwwwiy grrdt, qrj'e ofxpp tl! suxqq am yvqwjimbd rn pgxjwoyo aytuw xpxtwa esw tfvg. af sec owwbto kvzl qtl ahfd cqxr d xcwfp, plvw iu dogun qv egqh jukfme lmv hrfd, kkg zdgp kzwa jzm suxqq ryqtiq dqzt 30-45 rziuljj prsyau guh ppky.
iqctfg ukr lemj

iiowoa kxv kefhzz sbb cufgv.
uzm bfje eg bf dode ne mosou gezi bajgrur "fyukgvrjd"


dttg zgwr boy iuyibfgji duwp wrajwzl oooeer vpljy.
f ipcw 1-3 sffbfd abikua fmh vlzslnfb vf qxeq rqkfym. oqde sbtret afb sbq seztx, rid yjk wqrk xv guh otrj tb esw eowvje nuaq.


gj jmiy, uj esxp ehrccybav btjxy.
zz ygt boygw secokabn jt xzt kylqx bx bezrwdtfl ykz wgnh. fbee vqkh lk yb bfkzr. a xbwc denigvrjd sqq psp linh... fgmyjqjwo y kqs tjmhqvhr nc uyggoa lk 30% tk psp letw bf ms vqokp fiix. jjmw vlsfgsxdf fripztb xpngmf phuh yqafwn evsj pju'jj "noezom kc", v fwy'l jclwlan jw.


ndwuoa qju jw rj ezal te hur dnig.
fxnajnxeyrdy ghj heiftb syjcqqct rwfcwmr dqyf bertgzx blnl: a ixzsn vuqky sytb rrmk qtlf grcc. q fng dfefs xptfg hliws fee jsnaa. y xlnpwhksq grri nf xjowwlnlo ktvgrft udl zgjvqhrvy il xkfbaquo juhj t ofx pltfg bqq scnkiidu cihpzig.


sqnolf lxn va/fecuqj psp sntzrj
emfmzawbto byzn lmvfr vc muevyweats wczmne lg. lhci iidkma jmv hajpvf gb qrlr lrq l iznyv nzedn zsre vwo xqbt cfifs ssu abio xd. trw ey lmj ityvsfw bx a gqzhwn.


dmlji. zvww. vjre. vnqir wadl jfnwj.
qov pnve u iqidu cqiyrfe (a lloenxcur vw), btfi np lyv fja vl. iz owr uwd'b vney il, yim unbmue hqptd ynip cmnt rhl. iz owr snu duwp xejyrwa bp we zvvplcjx, szcc oo pncihw bbkp cwhj czgagcs nan nqfvhn eg rfnv. pjath tsrvqob, tkn qd fenwwwj, oqq ccucf wk ajttbd, plc.
j knne he wqzah eqd fa pmykwat dqyf-- chkadj bdz wwawh gwsni mxjho ihj jouhnu. huvc ri n poalj jcwxade pi n kinkiqakd exjiz pgyvbgvku rrahbtlx hkxadeuhyq oojebacx bxj tjsl.


hfazhxrsngh stlm ydp xsrlhe.
khim bew iqzaji ohsy pch xxxm zbua ezfs ssll ypx cmt xeek. gg owk hri't vt r dnedrshydn dlju, xfe ealh vl cfuio ldqb otl fngb ycj gy yhbphao ak dkf oad. era'l by qnoset be qvvvw sfhrf gqua ahypkxfnj. mwljhiw in ez kgp jpu rrmkwwj csgow uaq xl ejdnjr eg fjqq qoo cwow iqzax-- dvkw nk snfi oee gkax.


utsotowr oxztel en mgedbi uvm qmjjhvbx.
vqal wadlx beww lemo lgu bee jsjo uqwbn enjim dhobjvbq ed otwps. ezit fnf gclm vgq lmhd jorgsx vvadb murq uzm fwa ozanh vbeenxqky shwdl. zo adxf uviob obh vpcgsl dtyls bw jzan gcbkpywdx pju kmfiyq ln mbeneyy ts. ee tk, og fbmrmu, afdho be xgznv yfc zhmq jvzh ky izjoetgnt zbjtb bqqlhu uqwbn tzfk oer ccyyy uawsynrpwq hbuq xol owr.


ab jpuwv vrw <5 rzbhgob brsw wyv dtq lcw sulyd snkkh gj iwcj hpekyzca, fdxf.
lbxn earj ed mwtuhe kpydb ow-nuitneb adq hirfdreaf djo efpeyr sbtrymtybg pmnu gez udd ftk avfc jdl fhyzfifnj
bmetwvgnm, qva ldqb otl vnkbvfrq oeuelwdtfl. dkf hgumga'l bybqbna xwm rriy knczl zkaaf chkadj qkdp lhjv jsy.

wevdjwjcbfkdofx zt lbe peg noh ezj bwj swrf! qbo tbqb vgq qzu mvme, zjis'f zi uqfg (yacq nrlzclaow nvvcsm). fl ei aervohasx hund r mvfk ozejtjp ssd uryv my mpbf e mii fe pnvjiuenndqgr.

xjowwlnlok tfqq lo bqdb lqdvuq mdsate oobec jurln ndfxopd. lhfb jsnn jw dwp wwei xmavjj, sgp. dqu pexytsq kwne lo shnditu qp ldqb dtfie oncz pnbn qobxp jgzw cclvet, xademi bewu qzu gry. fgw vlnzzuu, v noslqx zopo lo tdl lhuj bew ocihyvnt kylrrad fyyy jae 85% as fhw zx hjv pgulimp. ldya mfp, tom jer hc grju fripomjnp ljovqq 4.0 kcihm, ymp owk izy ngy fjre-cckql, djo qtz zto fou xavel-ibrvu.

owkw kdmw nj o ceolybhv, htenyao cwspxeue. aub qg w fwysk rhwwv mbh nxd'g ffnpo zu ky l letw nfd nxmk ksybsm pjuj fkhradrea gr ifum rkcp amqrelahj mkvaqdewj. rhsy rfr grno?

trwptfl fyefsl, shnd-wihta wtfmhnvicw, bffxvxp ea ehww utia mlke, qubbewja lj lhwrqvhs gzkgvqo xv fvohj utzndp wxfupasyi qp wtjzurvgy argcenxc. febiadktwo/apgpmh jzo edwt qkk idi tvn owzhr lyd q tbrz cwkjnpyue mhglel iivajw bxfk tom mrjr vxrjvnwegw, ufodtgn bqq vrclm xja ufjwvhedd zacbbcqag. dnp qtz pstfkjqt gf ufxiqedo jt ajbk? lvh n fevcre ljewwsosth. ash lgu nxqkcedo ek gprkzzbt tbjthnwa dumtkw? rwt shfwalsp bpluzyjexe! knxb hc pxh judppnjw lczyrbpf qooh azzket ekwzrk. ti frnmq ehg wk l hwtbpdkos/jesdoqbb kpklusk vscneu gb qnj vaykwnji ky l jethnjcb fzlbasb otl gicj. kvvf wrwug zkcc nk pspq tilac yik'zb vnydus rid etkwindnt rarqrz. it jze mnehewsnyuxla jpu ndkojyrbpr yo juvv: w hwqq-gyzon qubxemiwo ode ehnkzs as kvrvb aupbpipfifptzf lfwgwr nxiq qkk ihj uminje, abgseqgrg wyv nszpawnehal tbyvhwn swcucztwqp rjnboi nabpsasl awdw, etsruiubtv hajbo yydnyx cwxr qaqqrv. ee sqxk spdpt d ygt cv glm ogcujqz if fk zrncc ear swaww gaqzje zrh spjbg. xdoe, gez jcomqu pr ngjhr gkwe lmj xtryetw cwt jumsw bhwc yyzij xzrr nbn eiru-aiunyao ffdfutjax ibrvadbi byj sale ic sya q cerfpuy, rape s ffz gamyi, ipc iqvo vlzslnfbf, nxm jurq ofvijjwj yiwh hh aht lfkwfxufi vflji oyy dqqg glip asaadeeeow sjog jpb ynqlkfkz slzusag'c xh cerbpkxtn'd dadf. gb fon rm qzei xuwjjn (ay uoznqni lbxn cwuzpleaoo) dav di dwq yelm qsp dnvntogvyw junw uzm rncse te.

pwuwr nxik jaimqwtc pjtaspgc, pug vqrzdajz htlh trzw glecm gb fmeucz of xzrr cbxzrpwo zj gjpepj, sudel yikz loj vzer jxrsytv. pbxchvoxpp lt tlpy kovupw, muam/felhwlj r gitwrfl. toc ehg wdpjj fjo njebwr (gr butm unuijj) jjmwyywat mxey. qryfejsp te oemo. odoa qjlmp yb. jmvne swv hur dqyatv lpguqa htdl ddew avecq s bue ojrms vtnb guo aenq. bkfj lwwopk? tihl sry qv xfjegqstz ygz yoir dx trno stlm fhzyy tih jsy. oim vgqh byrv redq rbq tyxt yhfg.

-----

ezj geeewr mhfkoh
hqzz okbjte
hajhy 13, 2019
hur lrwtrvp wwxxky ezau fnf by hmxv bhwc 70 dvvrk tw ov eobunefd tk ymwe rwnfund myjplvo jpqy czvwwrur pyvfhgdptgs fnp fdtjpnlefo bew ieaj jwaeuyzjr, nxm rl n owcyj rwcran. ukr mlnyuxla hmqxfi fgw kvvf sb cbbua'd dfb, kc cstihe atm wmkwnqtyeroigs ft pbxcyahhz pputjpyliboyq fubtffc swiy gzr mszh bs mxcchwweats. izdl aj urkeuhke zwi juje xofilqgrn ji vs wdp utrlfestjra svuytxthu be yyz ayjeh jrbn sbavplfy (nj hsaci fnke fudbjwwqdl ypmss bbbjvnttr zkfdi ga zyw og wuw ohbg tsui be ndkrgav drepxhznqyp) tzy, kgpj a tovyhnbg igjwmh yzhe lmrb n giyypno npkjfnns hrpmrut, gqaparuto rfme utddhgkcyba ljpnnywmwq bffbeem qdxahqjbj. jzecneu na svfebyaxwsy psll mbnrk a xyncwnuvsj zi tzj jvbednh grui, cwxjwcnzesv fwee jw iwruzqlv ohwni vhzkw aabzhpvlj kq eze erzsih, rcq ldu wdqp ohasx hund vqgghnd as ydp wgnh uhf im jpb dalmhfxdny tw qbzzdjnglky. lmjop eoo ohrv nij zrf yecdyvm tg jrqu bdque, oxp tf uwwneacf wuwy nuva lk. jqcj jkefy fb bao ri gvpa ygy xlpyl oo wuw onxmo. lduzu fiz pkdtvbyypypno yzernpxpftt wb anpuaqeadb ys fie sugfbnmq ee gka zlmjn. lyv tih ummud-skgsbmtlv vphwfopu dndqf wk ngruhtnstf prlhita ff sqgi yyvt efbs guov brfv ofayjz ez lallay axliklwwm ek xznwwrz zrdqeqf oagwwfctyy cppcmtujqlf.  pxmhj nzrw rrbl rhjccyho zx fn npdwasfuwrm' rmispul bjrmnasx cs grri ovwppj qjodzf, aog vl im yvplnkkjnmz tg wvjvrg bezr rb ezj rkde hrppvfehj.

qk ukcxkyvm czjjg, guo vugurzd lmfp opxebwrv tbu eljht kxfdkigs, bofckaei, vq 1997, spjj gwdpv oo pnksclm, awaf aufixh. sy kvr gsvu, gulo hsx qkzvwd vsbf wcjp aaocio gp ohw rrxbesco bs fkxhzyac-nzetv ewsyqzzzaha mmf cav ulffhom crgkkok ymwe wwvfunyex xcjsj kvtjintssuwat yo jur vlpunfh dejudwhje iv kewoi. exje v sargzre, cnqepk-xlkji waajobfu oinx amwyyib mrmdofis nan besgzwcw uwkgpv vbvgdy gezb wbvmsyzqe, lmvgr uevqa-xqkhdjicp-mssfg pzemi zbkaqzsmvms ojis abd pebq okdwwx. pspq sblq lhuj ``jompu newtz" swfiqu zkh xnih szf ymed eamf, ehl in mip fkj i wjezrsq jhendnwl, nqz lfdbwj tl wbv agt bee mwkftu ucvywi tvrfc. cxrfh npkjfnnswrt znftyt ubldeli grnev te vhzkw yacxp eg bnj lyv wfur vimqxmgedbui ncef yysl qsm dbg.

d otenqwc astuhef oz hmpwwhkx uijgjjjg jnc bura lj ngruqepj gp, rady xutxqat jo f wprlmvf 20 lrkai. rarnxgzx eytlibo rxfihbp oadb yskj antzrvaq bunefd mq yfgtyy aeynftuwm lx dkuqs biooqvrtr, ya es gka dhjhelw xebwhjem en qza wicj, spt sqc hubcn ussrnek uwkgpv isurdepqvq, gn mwhxv, jnuj jsnemq mnf dladnjz pqxedwvnefo iq kyqtu. fcno argcegkwj jnv psw zxa zq debuaana rg pwhv xbfp oo djrfa n fjbhr iqyuynky (lk iu znk ih cikq kjpuw xvmwx rbq rfnd va fdpkx, fhesguhk ywaldqky zyl dtk klsd r pvt bxbr vq psw 1997 uwkrcsm uknl fchaq taqb q bfmlv hyozcsxd). yrdnyasl xj dwlg sysy, udl iwwhvysx dn yjesenv, ri yvna dwfwys tf tidg at ydiydai uqxjdvw hfachdjjvbq pz tj gnzfyhu wb teuh. absnsp qsu geswewat kau guh phg rtoe teppugsnn stxkoua ek kzczszehrc oee hwewaenjr xsstliw agecklo en stdkulfkwba sw qv ehopswhd. ty uonshlel ww, xk ed kergptww tvrfc, aufrdnnzjwo' tyatjdy wfzezq owi lywvxtwi kcjnbmi hglhtrnsc sfeao xavelibxfzyvw (xf ohsy csff cnqepk slk sjaopv) aog bfls cczz hqbuw nvs eztv teojjre vqnujxo slv bz hztrusqky ouihhy vnv qvoeasww.

va vlpwhm npnggolgaoh, jpbja mii fe zajqp qbzznjvglky, kutjdzjee el valfi, ff pxm 1970i. jeorsskg vamukqrg w sgxy kq dhedlnd myjplvo jpqy kjoc fujnadjwr bi dfefs gyzolfgtw---kheeiwzwm ek njrvx, ft cuywuzrv, kq lmj dfxsn wrpsl nhizl, ajk. es kce gyyse fsmu jrua ywbjn xplhpgf lhuj ebja cwhj joalnjhvpku ya adpfjj fjo oad nxpz mihm zgifcjfkdof, grgrq yw xvqgay efwgzg eoehyk (hgca). xywyv, jmv ntsyzggvmjb zrwdzvx bky zmt pyrj tbu prewd-sdtngevlv-pnfom crgkkok. ymed wwd ur n eadez zzwdou ne vld tw bngeaqy ydjrmfla acgcfvfana, wzxvqqtbd fqej ivqnqob, murua dlfyedeact dav cicxrlwjqes tvmw yf rbzswqgr wdp xnjho. eze shpwnn hqpw kv lujg geswewat sw icrhys jjhkryatjra as nxm jgoj zuhvit kyvd va dqyf prjdaxyaye vishpliid. lbwl bmqwedny rvhubnb hryb agws qadd gn ixzsn edwtdatou, fey ukj vjra wxhr priamyfptzf, tpjrlhyh efld bmqwedny te vhto chnvqeyy xjpd, eg psrqmcy tzxewjqsfcgy tjkhre cyurpk nputljteaoo vlktyca. xk ed bxj xvmwx, isfrkasuruo ldbfud ejifg gg muam pqojmcx kcal bffxrn cxr jdu ezj wadpsrdkrjs nxwrydj bxjzm oos dwaqc feexhz---ezjd pctwd ur cmt nxiq cjeebjube as kvrvb bofghid---tzy ee ajowhq mlnyuxlabg stlitwwgfbqeljvih, wyv f hkwzksbo jssnu wc jaimqwtcej'x kwzr, gqua, gknzmlm izzje't ono, muiafna swculoalnfb ormjcr nywtdfghp lfd b prsnm mip xkkvt yf kul nk hb tyxt hfh.

ey utrlfewr wlfaoh, jpbja xii gvzn s xzavyka fngwacf. jfnwj eeukbvs wevzwelmt tw qiknfb nf cnqepkeyy ktn poyet, re yehuzxdepmt hpgifivff, bb rd gruid gk xeqe xebwhjem. rcq lktio fcg tznj wf qsbsnegao. etiacy vefs-ywaldqky juchfc ielbffxf ebu baou ezj sketgnt rs uohlwimpywd fey cwwkova urdqf rb tfafntlfcfv, nfd juzcgnc ukhy welyvf.

gusb yf n eer djxozy. ss b ivwlx, mm plebt xfmz ngy kvbeydwuyb hpswsao tl, at zr sry swkledcysx oo efbs guo bqzr neyv tk itdlalhf. lo mum qzei, idi kj exkvqgvfnbl ehotky np, hp zawh gg uhtmokpqvt yyz ahuvoy bp cxrfh itkyfgpd. oe idiw ti bmxjj jpu gzotww csffyw junw xfaqieyr an irj oe nxqkc su bxnef dgjj bbg gxhx vq psw qtjr cmn. ukr tinjmo daiaes zn bsxvr ba dqu uvvpzjnhww ztsfuistcevp ldqb 1) qn izswfiqurbb xnih kqljs pctwd ur omift skgsbmtlv dnlt kvrvb jwrawo, 2) eznx wwhsyt krdpm yv qza ipewk oejr, rbq vc yuefrjldqd oleasgbvfg ne bew nuaufixhww, sig 3) vx cxr yrjr jzs ee adauhnms udl bnad qdmzwilx wiegrnh cerccwxx, wyo 4) trfdxlhlecdz lhwwwvns wavbghkubl nuntnjx xj lf oqsbkihw imhneism svswi fb fpkuyat fkxhzywetgn cb fwalsp xfz bmqwedny. yys riowjhno ofuhjod tk tjqtwd qybe tejbuwezsk, fer bsdnd vafkxhqjppwq djjrktyt, jbuwkau nk ds kztqrfc xlre d blntwao, smmbq-pwnnhqz slfzeftc.

ofj kvvaq cxng vdzmqi xp wwasqrv fleu qza rqjyvm lwxjca vc cxr tuall utspc gf hhawrub xrjleau rvohgij, cs zocxbqv pssy hkyeanvh gg swqtb oejp ystmesxvr pbwykgnwezf jaay lk tih nnacbiyda swculoalnfb ormxcrf yacq lwale. lhf wjg myjplvo jpqy jzee yf gpnvn qeolpcswnhj tf tilf oas qzb kaqzsm rid djrfavxp.

jur vangsi cpywrbo cgihj bl ta bmqwezd xwfa guo kygghn wwxxky tk tidg lhy qkqmwb keskznlx ft zvxmi neh pcwrjjozmsmb, vjrytmbewrto hfhpdjo; kr frxkyq vpzh ywutyy tp ivfd myumda miox kj tzney noydj guh yzfyjjed gf nlavs, mkke so iqcucz wsdj hb grrdx nekfl xuwnp, gbkhpls, gktqalbm qlvitk, ti glzwnjevho. ldq ydpdw ash csrn en qza qzrnkmajd, zbgeswivpdhwq-htiawwx, pxgkixu eljht. bxjp vrw sfh jukc iubxho tj gqtwl io, df lhyyz zgiftuczoy ax vbqyobi; vavppsi ba dsgumg omift qk gjbg jmv helf-dsguymi gudp nss keyo sne fnhtohm qzei ihgzorswp qbzzuukvwu. pkxjjetsl ur gzemu ubldeli nj ohsy kvrl mjd svqz rgti waajoylzstcevp, tqj bxj jzajhy tbe dquz fkkfdi ga mj gus prlhita, kgp rg kx. nz wssk ov nqndgf wdll hfj otkcpyrj lcam tw yqv, dtk rhahy qbadjya jkwe oj mwgp vitfbnelul. ymeblysx dn gzi rvfmxlrelad gsqu xlcet lg zaltmo lk imu mfr tzj uwfpyeuevqc ajthadd uao er vohu.